# XXXX-XX-XX - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [X] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [ ] Gerald Morrison - SAP
- [X] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [ ] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [X] Philipp Heil - SAP
- [ ] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor

Quorum: ❌

## Agenda Items

- [X] Jakob to talk to Florian Müller (TAC Chair on NeoNephos Foundation) to escalate Legal Discussion / Decision on License of OCM Spec.
    - [X] Jakob to update on License Compliance regarding OCM Specification
      - Discussion was escalated and brought into the NeoNephos Governing Board. No update yet.
      - No official approval, but tacit acceptance of the current situation.
      - Technically migration to NeoNephos Github Org is possible now, but missing Billing Information setup.
- [X] Jakob will talk with Mirza to get all OCM Project Members become part of NeoNephos so that TAC issues become visible.
  - Jakob thinks he can promote all OCM Projects Members to NeoNephos Org. Previously there was a seat limit, now no longer the case.
  - Only reason OCM team is not invited yet, is because Mirza and Jakob want to prevent a flood of invitations.
  - Jakob to invite all OCM Project Members to NeoNephos Org when Automation is in place.
  - Philipp: Maybe we can automate with https://docs.prow.k8s.io/docs/components/cli-tools/peribolos/
    - Jakob to check out if we can work standalone
    - Jakob is currently also looking at safe-settings: https://github.com/github/safe-settings
  - Migration Prototype is happening already with platform-mesh project, and for the time being we will likely setup SAP billing as replacement for LF billing.
- [ ] Pending Escalation of Jakob to confront NeoNephos Project Governing Board on why TAC member is not allowed to contribute to NeoNephos Project Lifecycle completion.
  - Jakob didn't manage to push out this escalation item and will push this out to next meeting.
- [ ] Gerald to update the SIG Charter - Postponed, Gerald not present. (likely updated already)
- [ ] Jakob to announce SIG Runtime Contribution Possibility to the NeoNephos Project
  - This will happen as a general announcement to start 2026. 
  - Contribution into the SIG is likely powered solely by existing members of OCM, and externals will come slowly based on NeoNephos impact
  - First candidates are StackIT and other NeoNephos members already showing interest in OCM.

## Votes

- [ ] Vote on SIG Runtime Chair / Tech Lead Nomination

* TODO
    - Confirmed / Rejected (X/X Votes)

## Action Items

- [ ] Jakob to push out Project Migration for platform-mesh and then give green light on NeoNephos org migration.

## Next Meeting Agenda

- [ ] Pending Escalation of Jakob to confront NeoNephos Project Governing Board on why TAC member is not allowed to contribute to NeoNephos Project Lifecycle completion.
    - Jakob didn't manage to push out this escalation item and will push this out to next meeting.
- [ ] Gerald to update the SIG Charter - Postponed, Gerald not present. (likely updated already)
- [ ] Jakob to announce SIG Runtime Contribution Possibility to the NeoNephos Project
    - This will happen as a general announcement to start 2026.
    - Contribution into the SIG is likely powered solely by existing members of OCM, and externals will come slowly based on NeoNephos impact
    - First candidates are StackIT and other NeoNephos members already showing interest in OCM.


## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```