# XXXX-XX-XX - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [X] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [X] Gerald Morrison - SAP (joined after 25 minutes, quorum reached)
- [ ] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [X] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [ ] Philipp Heil - SAP
- [X] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor

Quorum: ✅

### Non-Voting Representatives or Observing Participants

## Agenda Items

- [x] Revisit Action Items
- [X] Update on TAC / TSC
    - [X] Update on the NeoNephos Guidelines
      - guidelines are now developed in public in https://github.com/neonephos/guidelines-development
      - currently guideline up for vote is the [lifecycle policy](https://github.com/neonephos/guidelines-development/blob/main/lifecycle-policy/project-lifecycle-policy.md)
        - if you want to shape this, just send PRs to this repo. anyone can contribute, PR acceptance must be reviewed by TAC.
      - Also Project Guidelines are important (especially to us), as these guidelines will be enforced on all projects.
      - Services are available SaaS or Process offerings by the Foundation that will be offered to all projects based on lifecycle guards
    - [X] Update on the OCM Spec License
      - Jakob checked with Legal, Legal did not greenlight the License yet.
      - Both LF Europe and SAP have not reached a final conclusion to the Specification transition yet.
- [X] Confirm SIG Runtime Chair / Tech Lead Nomination
- [X] Update on progress of the publishing to the website.
  - Publishing of website will go hand in hand with the promise of a production ready CLI + controller.
    - Production readiness for us is defined as set of minimal features for our core workflows that are 
      supported in perpetuity.
    - The first release of CLI and controller will be technical releases without these guarantees.
    - Our conformance set will define a "product" release that combines all ocm artifacts.

## Votes

- [X] Vote on SIG Runtime Chair / Tech Lead Nomination
  - [X] Voting in of Gergely Bräutigam as SIG Runtime Chair as candidate
    - Confirmed (4/0 Votes, all in favor)
  - [X] Voting in of Fabian Burth (assuming acceptance) as SIG Runtime Tech Lead as candidate
    - Confirmed (4/0 Votes, all in favor)

## Action Items

- [ ] Jakob to change upcoming vote for SIG Runtime Chair to distribute Balance of Power outside of company.
  - Gergely volunteering from TSC, Gergely to read up on [SIG-Handbook](../../community/SIGs/SIG-Handbook.md) 
    and the [Charter](../../community/SIGs/Runtime/SIG-Runtime-CHARTER.md)
  - Jakob to provide support to prepare Gergely on SIG Chair position. Offer applies to all potential candidates.
  - Both positions of Chair and Tech Lead can be filled by the same person in theory.
- [ ] All currently inner-source plannings / reviews / retrospectives 
  will be moved to public ownership maintained by SIG Runtime.
  - Review Meeting, Planning Meeting, Retrospective to be handed over.
  - Decide if Warroom should change ownership?
- [ ] Gerald to update the SIG Charter (double check we are ready to vote on acceptance of the SIG to be in place)
- [ ] Jakob to start setting up official guidance for how to interact with SIG Runtime (plannings, meetings, etc.)
  - [ ] Planning / OCM Backlog (https://github.com/orgs/open-component-model/projects/10) should be migrated to SIG Runtime.
  - [ ] SIG Runtime needs a contribution guideline and reference to established processes.
  - [ ] If required, we can add WGs (Working Groups) for the controllers.

## Next Meeting Agenda

- [ ] Philipp to create a Session for the TSC+ODG Teams to align where to drive the ODG integration strategy-wise.
  - [ ] Philipp was not present, @Frederic to run after Philipp to create this item as well as join next TSC meeting.
- [ ] Jakob to announce SIG Runtime Contribution Possibility to the NeoNephos Project
  - SIG Runtime will be announced alongside first CLI / Controller release
  - This will happen as a general announcement to start 2026.
  - Contribution into the SIG is likely powered solely by existing members of OCM, and externals will come slowly based on NeoNephos impact
  - First candidates are StackIT and other NeoNephos members already showing interest in OCM.

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```