# 2026-03-02 - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [x] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [x] Gerald Morrison - SAP
- [x] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [x] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [x] Philipp Heil - SAP
- [ ] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor

Quorum: ✅

## Agenda Items

- [x] Revisit Action Items
- [x] Update on TAC / TSC
  - [x] Update on the NeoNephos Guidelines - adoption of [lifecycle policy](https://github.com/neonephos/guidelines-development/blob/main/lifecycle-policy/project-lifecycle-policy.md)
  - [x] Update on the OCM Spec License
    - See below, vote concluded to change the license, license change is in progress.
- [x] Update on progress of the publishing to the website.
  - We have adopted the Netlify OSS Plan and use its preview building for iterating on the site.

## Votes

- [x] ocm-spec CSL License Adoption (Async Vote)
  - Confirmed (5/1 Votes, 5 yes, 1 no)

## Action Items

- [x] Gerald to update the SIG Charter - Charter is up to date.
- [ ] Jakob to announce SIG Runtime Contribution Possibility to the NeoNephos Project
  - [ ] Jakob to attempt to write a blog post on the NeoNephos website.
  - [x] Gerald to check for a blog style page for announcements etc. on the website. (Jakob & Gerald to plan)
  - This will happen as a general announcement to start 2026.
  - Contribution into the SIG is likely powered solely by existing members of OCM, and externals will come slowly based on NeoNephos impact
  - First candidates are StackIT and other NeoNephos members already showing interest in OCM.
- [x] Philipp to create a Session for the TSC+ODG Teams to align where to drive the ODG integration strategy-wise.
  - in the works
- [x] ~Gerald~ to create issue on OCM Spec CSL License Adoption
  - We need an announcement on the spec for this license change
  - In-repo files such as LICENSE and other related files (REUSE etc.) must be exchanged
  - Process around CSL changes is not sufficiently defined in repo alone, needs specific process
  - Support from Philipp Heil + Frederic Wilhelm on implementation
  - Gerald to give an update on this after adoption in the next TSC call.
- [x] Jakob to change upcoming vote for SIG Runtime Chair to distribute Balance of Power outside of company.
  - Gergely volunteering from TSC, Gergely to read up on [SIG-Handbook](../../community/SIGs/SIG-Handbook.md)
    and the [Charter](../../community/SIGs/Runtime/SIG-Runtime-CHARTER.md)
  - Jakob to provide support to prepare Gergely on SIG Chair position. Offer applies to all potential candidates.
  - Both positions of Chair and Tech Lead can be filled by the same person in theory.
- [ ] Jakob - All currently inner-source plannings / reviews / retrospectives
  will be moved to public ownership maintained by SIG Runtime.
  - Review Meeting, Planning Meeting, Retrospective to be handed over.
  - Decide if Warroom should change ownership?
- [ ] Gergely to start setting up official guidance for how to interact with SIG Runtime (plannings, meetings, etc.)
  - [ ] Planning / OCM Backlog (<https://github.com/orgs/open-component-model/projects/10>) should be migrated to SIG Runtime.
  - [ ] SIG Runtime needs a contribution guideline and reference to established processes.

## Next Meeting Agenda

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```
