# XXXX-XX-XX - NeoNephos Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting

## Meeting Location

- [Meeting link to Zoom](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92759697838?password=8cbe7411-952b-44d5-9bcf-0816ce9293ad)

## Meeting Slides / Content

- [docs/steering/meeting-notes](.)

## Attendees

### Technical Steering Committee Representatives

- [X] Jakob Möller - SAP
- [ ] Gerald Morrison - SAP
- [ ] Fabian Burth - SAP
- [ ] Frederic Wilhelm - SAP
- [X] Philipp Heil - SAP
- [ ] Gergely Bräutigam - Individual Contributor

Quorum: ❌

### Non-Voting Representatives or Observing Participants

- [ ] Member

## Agenda Items

- [ ] Revisit Action Items
- [ ] Update on TAC / TSC
  - [ ] Update on the NeoNephos Guidelines
  - [ ] Update on the OCM Spec License
- [ ] Confirm SIG Runtime Chair / Tech Lead Nomination

## Votes

- [ ] Vote on SIG Runtime Chair / Tech Lead Nomination

* TODO
  - Confirmed / Rejected (X/X Votes)

## Action Items

- [X] Pending Escalation of Jakob to confront NeoNephos Project Governing Board on why TAC member is not allowed to contribute to NeoNephos Project Lifecycle completion.
  - NeoNephos Project Lifecycle Vote to be confirmed on 10th January 2026. (likely passing)
  - Once complete, NeoNephos Project Guidelines as a PR will be merged over the course of the next 4 weeks.
  - Once merged, both will be published on the NeoNephos Project website and that will make them binding.
  - These guidelines are less strict than the corporate SAP guidelines, especially on opinionation of tooling
  - Jakob is collecting requests from OCM and ODG Teams to be included as additions for frequent developer workflows such as SAST or agentic coding
  - Update in next TSC meeting on progress of the publishing to the website.
- [ ] Gerald to update the SIG Charter - Postponed, Gerald not present. (likely updated already)
- [ ] Jakob to announce SIG Runtime Contribution Possibility to the NeoNephos Project
  - This will happen as a general announcement to start 2026.
  - Contribution into the SIG is likely powered solely by existing members of OCM, and externals will come slowly based on NeoNephos impact
  - First candidates are StackIT and other NeoNephos members already showing interest in OCM.
- [ ] Philipp to create a Session for the TSC+ODG Teams to align where to drive the ODG integration strategy-wise.

## Next Meeting Agenda

- [ ] Update on progress of the publishing to the website.

## Antitrust Policy Notice

```text
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the 
intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable 
antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to 
meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited 
under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in 
connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust 
Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions 
about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the 
Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove 
LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
```
